refactor remote access guide (#453)
zbm-dev/zfsbootmenu: docs/guides/general/mkinitcpio.rst

    InitCPIOHookDirs:
      - /etc/zfsbootmenu/initcpio
      - /usr/lib/initcpio

.. note::

  In some ZFSBootMenu guides, like :doc:`remote-access`, some mkinitcpio modules will be installed to
  ``/etc/zfsbootmenu/initcpio`` to keep them isolated from system-installed modules. To accommodate this non-standard
  installation, ``InitCPIOHookDirs`` must be defined in ``/etc/zfsbootmenu/config.yaml``. Furthermore, because
  overriding the hook directory causes mkinitcpio to ignore its default module path, the default ``/usr/lib/initcpio``
  must be manually specified. If all hooks are installed in ``/usr/lib/initcpio`` or ``/etc/initcpio``, the ZFSBootMenu
  configuration does **not** need to specify ``InitCPIOHookDirs``.

Without further changes, running ``generate-zbm`` should now produce a ZBM image based on mkinitcpio rather than Dracut.

Whenever ``generate-zbm`` is run to generate images based on mkinitcpio, it forcefully adds the the required
``zfsbootmenu`` hook after any hooks defined in the ``HOOKS`` array of ``/etc/zfsbootmenu/mkinitcpio.conf``. The default
configuration file explicitly includes the ``zfsbootmenu`` hook in the array as a visual reminder that it will be

> included (Strictly speaking, this will cause mkinitcpio to add the hook **twice**, but because the ``zfsbootmenu`` hook

Reviewer: ```suggestion
included (strictly speaking, this will cause mkinitcpio to add the hook **twice**, but because the ``zfsbootmenu`` hook
```

  overriding the hook directory causes mkinitcpio to ignore its default module path, the default ``/usr/lib/initcpio``
  must be manually specified. If all hooks are installed in ``/usr/lib/initcpio`` or ``/etc/initcpio``, the ZFSBootMenu
  configuration does **not** need to specify ``InitCPIOHookDirs``.

Without further changes, running ``generate-zbm`` should now produce a ZBM image based on mkinitcpio rather than Dracut.

Because further configuration may require additional mkinitcpio modules, and these must be run before the
``zfsbootmenu`` module in the initramfs, edit ``/etc/zfsbootmenu/mkinitcpio.conf`` and **remove** any ``zfsbootmenu``
entry in the ``HOOKS`` definition. As the standard configuration file notes, the ``zfsbootmenu`` module is required for
ZFSBootMenu to function, but ``generate-zbm`` will forcefully add it at this at the end of the module list. Thus, the
simplest way to ensure that additions to the ``HOOKS`` array occur *before* the ``zfsbootmenu`` module is to omit the
latter from the configuration. The standard ``HOOKS`` line in ``/etc/zfsbootmenu/mkinitcpio.conf`` should therefore be
something like::

>   HOOKS=(base udev autodetect modconf block filesystems keyboard)

Author: would it not make sense to leave `zfsbootmenu` out of `HOOKS` by default? or is there a use-case where it needs to be there?

Reviewer: The only reason it's in there is to serve as a visual reminder to users that it will be put there.

> Because further configuration may require additional mkinitcpio modules, and these must be run before the
> ``zfsbootmenu`` module in the initramfs, edit ``/etc/zfsbootmenu/mkinitcpio.conf`` and **remove** any ``zfsbootmenu``
> entry in the ``HOOKS`` definition. As the standard configuration file notes, the ``zfsbootmenu`` module is required for
> ZFSBootMenu to function, but ``generate-zbm`` will forcefully add it at this at the end of the module list. Thus, the
> simplest way to ensure that additions to the ``HOOKS`` array occur *before* the ``zfsbootmenu`` module is to omit the
> latter from the configuration. The standard ``HOOKS`` line in ``/etc/zfsbootmenu/mkinitcpio.conf`` should therefore be
> something like::
> 
>   HOOKS=(base udev autodetect modconf block filesystems keyboard)

Reviewer: Maybe something like this is better (but it probably needs more refinement):

```suggestion
Whenever ``generate-zbm`` is run to generate images based on mkinitcpio, it forcefully adds the the required ``zfsbootmenu`` hook after any hooks defined in the ``HOOKS`` array of ``/etc/zfsbootmenu/mkinitcpio.conf``. The default configuration file explicitly includes the ``zfsbootmenu`` hook in the array as a visual reminder that it will be included. (Strictly speaking, this will cause mkinitcpio to add the hook **twice**, but because the ``zfsbootmenu`` hook completely takes over execution of its initramfs image, it will only ever run once.) If any custom configuration requires additional hooks be added to the ZFSBootMenu initramfs image, make sure that these hooks are included **before** any occurrence of ``zfsbootmenu`` in ``HOOKS``. Better still, just remove the ``zfsbootmenu`` hook from ``/etc/zfsbootmenu/mkinitcpio.conf`` when making any edits to ``HOOKS`` to minimize the chance of configuration errors.
```
